feat: add ability to support additional gateway/domain (#115)
defenseunicorns/uds-k3d: docs/DNS.md

## Nginx Configuration

Additionally, the package includes Nginx configuration that assumes the use of `uds.dev` as the base domain. This configuration is tailored to support the development environment setup, ensuring that Nginx correctly handles requests and routes them within the cluster, based on the `uds.dev` domain.

### Nginx Additional Gateway Support

You can add an additional Gateway to the Nginx configuration by overriding the helm value `customGateway.domainName` with the desired domain name.

> i.e. to add a custom gateway with the domain `uds2.dev` you would add the following toyour helm overrides for the `uds-dev-stack` chart:

Reviewer: nit: if I'm not mistaken `i.e.` _typically(?)_ means "that is" or "in other words", and I think "For example" (or `E.g.`) works better here as we're giving an actual example and not simply restating the prior sentence in another way. 

```suggestion
For example, to add a custom gateway with the domain `uds2.dev` you would add the following helm overrides for the `uds-dev-stack` chart:
```

Reviewer 2: I definitely abuse this and read as `in example` often - good callout 😅
